Surprise attack is literally the spy.
Surprise Attack would actually make for an interesting hero, the villains would always be paranoid lmfao
The cop is actually the real protagonist here. He has plot armor and summons superheroes
Imagine Seeing A Person Respawn In Your Bathtub
I was legitimately not prepared for Surprise Attack to show up this time.
"Bathtubliving" these names are crazy
“Now im getting pissed off” “no, now you’re getting pissed on” Has to be the best line in this series so far.
“Its time for back shots” “You can’t say that without context” “BACKSHOT” Literally the funniest line in the short
Ngl surprise attack is an avenger level threat tbh
Suprise attack dude is the strongest and unluckiest dude in this series frfr
This heros were actually good this time. I EVEN DIDN'T EXPECT SURPRISE ATTACK!
SkunkBear's reaction to "It's time for backshots" sends me every time.
"Now im getting pissed off" "No, now your getting pissed on" Is hilarious
I love how the villains were legitimately scared to see Surprise Attack. He’s really made a name for himself.
I think we all need to appreciate the fact that the heroes pulled off a mission without anyone of them dying, being blown up, caught in a mirror dimensions, etc.
Backshot caught me so off guard I couldnt even watch the rest of the video because I was cryin so much
Surprise attack got me Idk I can't predict a surprise
"BathtubLiving" is crazy bro I can't wait for the new SkunkBear and BathtubLiving movie to come out bro
"He went down fast" "That's what she said" That was a pure humiliation
Finally, one where the heroes actually were good, no one died or got hurt, and they took down the villains, well done!
Red spy is in the base
​-b9n A RED SPY IS IN THE BASE?!
A SPY SAPPIN MAH SENTREH
Ge could be in this very room, he could be you, hecould be me, he could even b-
right behind you
​ ı never really was on your side
It takes a whole episode to refill the cloak meter that's why we don't see him until the end
Surprise attack powers •teleportation he can teleport behind enemies •disguise he can disguise into anyone •chakra rods these rods can one hit •reapers wrath it is a scythe use with his chakra rods this scythe can also one hit and it makes him almost invincible he can take the lives of people he killed and can resurect him self
red spy in the base!!!!!
​-m2qWHY İS THAT CART ARE NOT MOVİNG?
spy around here
"I am ze sp- SURPRISE ATTACK"
seeing a reference to your favorite game fills you with determination
ZE MEDIC IS A SPY
Well what did they expect?
"Spy creeping around here"
Intruder alert red spy is in the base
Nunca estuve de tu lado
I was never really on your side.
Lol but still dies to other heroes powers
There are no comics about him. He just pops up randomly in others comics to kill a big bad
​ Surprise Attack
Nah, he gets a comic run about him, but the entire run follows the perspective of the villains.
​ There are surprise attack comics. They just don't have Surprise Attack in them until the 43rd issue where he appears once and never again until it will once again be surprising
Y'know he could be a really good semi-gag character
Basically superhero agent 47
nothing like him
And worst of all, he's literally immortal
It could be like darkman
Random vilain:*sleeping* Surprise attack:*appears out of nowhere and whisper in his ear* surprise attack
i could see surprise attak attacking in dreams and if you die there, you are death
You could make the entire series come from villain perspectives knowing he exists but not when he is going to strike. And like they are dealing with a horror monster they go and try to keep themselves alive by working to the monsters weaknesses in this case if you expect it, he cannot strike but then at the very end of the issue he is there in the most unexpected ways. Or through the comic is he picking of people like some kind of predator alien.
yes pls. I need this.
"And at that point, it wouldn't be a surprise anymore therefore it can be a surprise again! "
What if: surprise attack stood in front of a villain then surprise attack them in the back (they won't expect it at all)
"I HAVE CONQUERED THE WORLD, now's time for a good shower" "SURPRISE ATTACK"
I just imagine villains in their houses having nightmares about surprise attack just appearing in their sleep
Would be perfect in a deadpool movie
tf2 logic against spies. lol
Except he gets surprise attacked too each time
Surprise attack is amazing
What if they "expect the unexpected"?
-gc3kp then they'd expect him to not appear...
-gc3kp Then you see how long they can keep up their guards against the unexpected.
Spy be like
At the moment they let their guard down he comes back
Omg I would pay to see that.
And whenever a villain is taken down without someone taking credit for it, they'll assume it as surprise attack, not knowing he has been retired for decades.
It could be you! It could be me! It could even be...
Imagine if his power is swapping bodies! That's be awesome
But then they are always expecting him to
He is one
He could be like Deadpool especially since he is already immortal
What's this song playing when he shows up ?
Which would make it not a surprise which would make it a surprise which would make it not a surprise, ect ect, paradox
With hero movie tech though I feel like having some kind of reminder on surprise attack existing should be able to remove the surprise from him defeating him
If they’re always expecting him, would that mean he’ll never come?
that'd also be funny as hell, just half the movie in the villain scared for their life
Someone please tell me where can I get that jacket (inner one) of the main villain I am looking for that everywhere
Dude the cop has survived every attack in this series
yeah if they ever werent they are dead.
Technically in marvel he already exist as moonknight You know he will come eventually but until it happens you will never know
Gonna use him in my story
Then he would just do an obvious attack until they relax! Lmao
Wait hold on is that TOROKO CAVE STORY
​ No :( I did edit their halloween sprite to make my own custom one tho, so close enough!
So spy from tf2
but if the villains are expecting him to attack at all times, then he's powerless against them, isn't he?
Isn't that just what Batman does?
Bro ruined the comment by saying lmfao
Imagine him as the character "King" from One Punch Man who pretty much has the same plot armor but not the protagonist
​​ isn't he the one that faked being a hero I think
The cop Ability: Plot armor Hero name: Plot officer
Yeah but those superheros are mid
with this treasure I summo--
The Cop when he sees a new villain: "Yeah, I'm going to go now."
He is suprise attack
Technically surprise attack is the protagonist he even has a backstory
İ think the enemy protagonist is the guy with hammer that is fressed up as a jester
Maybe his power is to attract heroes. The heroes just happen to be inexperienced lmao
No its king from OPM
He's the real superhero
Do you know the power of someone army of superheroes that will or even just some superheroes sounds like a really cool power it would probably make you super dangerous
The cop hired the surprise attack
Bro is King from OPm
I thought the same thing, he is like cosmoem from Pokemon, keeps summoning ultra beasts
-hb9iu yay cosmoem
Maybe its his hidden power
I have questions. Can he respawn in the same tub twice? Or does the tub die instead of him?
Clearly the tub wasn't destroyed when he respawned. So as long as there is even a single bathtub is intact he can respawn
Humor me this, he keeps the world's smallest bathtub in his pocket, or a backpack
Imagine he respawns in your bathtub while you’re taking a bath
Surprise Attack did his job then
Agreed. It was a genuine surprise this time.
I was expecting him, but I wasn't expecting him to be that guy.
Then yeah i guess it worked
He always surprised us
This youtuber is the one of the best comedy channel to exist.
He always comes back
Honestly that's a pretty good superpower to have
​ Yeah bcs you don't have the existential dread problem of having to see the death of the universe. You die in space, no more bathtub, you finally die.
I see, dead becomes living Pool becomes bathtub...
That's make sense​
Nice one Captain Obvious, only three more to go
This is why I shower so bathtubliving doesn’t respawn in my house
What they gonna do next Toiletgrabber?
​ Toilet Toucher is a gmod roleplay character if that counts.
made your comment 1000 likes
Imagine after dying and respawn at a girl house when they are showing
​ -chan bro is for sure delusional about this power 24/7
Ngl... sounds like a jojo stand
He thought of it in the tub
backshot is even more wild
it should become livingbathtub
Actually the most busted power, any bathtub? Unless the world actively searches for every single bathtub in existence, he will truly never die.
Congratulations of 18k likes man
Shouldn't it be the living bathtub?
Shouldn’t it be livingbathub then, low key kinda hard
that name was reccomended by someone in the comments
Bathtubliving! You will die 11 seconds jolyne!
What's more hilarious than the names is how he actually comes up with a dumb power related to it
I honestly had to pause, I was laughing so hard
Got me laughing out loud and that's rare
But it makes sense
29k likes and no comments? I'll fix that
Opposite of Deadpool
Op ass power tho infinite respawns turning this into Minecraft
For those unaware, skunk bear is just another name for wolverine (the actual animal that Wolverine was based on XD)
Bathtub Living reversed Dead Pool
Bathtublibing is actually op
Next time you know it manbat gonna be a thing
Why not Living Bathtub??
I dropped my phone laughing my butt off at “BathtupLiving”
sounds like an xbox username
that made me think wtf does deadpool mean
Living bathtub would have been weirder but acurrate
Shouldn't it be in reverse? Livingbathtub?
Yea right, i wonder why so little comments about this.
I agree with that sentence
I am dead
I chuckle so hard with that bro
and surprise attack is the most iconic
"that's what she said." is still my favorite.
Nah I think it's Backshots without the context
My favourite line
Hey zoro! R u going to join this battle??
I can’t help but smile out of laughter because it’s so out of context
nah he needs to be part of the avengers themselves
how do you use ngl and tbh in the same sentence lmao
​ idk but ngl and tbh imo idgaf abt tht so yh
​ contradicting? no redundant? maybe Hotel? SURPRISE ATTACK
yeah i suck
​ I'm surprised that you are surprised to a comment that says "surprised attack dude is the strongest and unluckiest dude in this series frfr"
that moment was very suprising
he was just trying to enjoy a coffe
I think he has surprise inducement
No ones does to be fair.
Then his power is working
wouldnt be a suprise if you did
​ they tried this argument but it still worked
Its surprise attack of course it’s gonna be a surprise
that's the whole point
No one does
hmph he went down fast. that's what she said
You never do and never will you silly. He is the physical embodiment of suprise. Nothing he does cannot suprise u as u will always be suprised by suprise attack
LMAO i died on that
Rest in peace​
ar si sta na minsku bombu,he walked into his average forest and stepped on a mine
Got me so off guard
thats accually counter productive for him
You wouldn't know how happy a villain would be after killing Surprise Attack. It's the perfect setup for a surprise attack!
I mean, they’d have to expect to be surprise attacked every single moment of their life, or they’d get surprise attacked.
I mean, I would be scared to
Imagine hanging out with your life best friend then you turn your back to them and he says "Suprise attack!"
Its because surprise attack used to be the only one to successfully defeat villains
he literally cannot die because his power is suprise attack
i too world be scared if a guy was not even able to die to get his existends erased XD
​ if that happened it would be surprising
I'm so proud of Surprise Attack to make a name for himself.
He is immortal his power is so broken
​ he will never due to his ability need him to be alive to do the surprise. People thought he died so if he's alive it's a surprise
His Power so OP tho Its apply for defensive and offensive while also a bad luck People would be surprised he is back from the dead People will be surprised he will attacking in the most weirdest way (Throwing Poo) People will be surprised he will act in unnatural way (such as jumping infront of the enemy attack) And all the power came from... His artifact
I mean, he’s kinda op tho, virtual immortality, endlessly unpredictable, and could probably take out some big league villains with ease. He’s just incredibly unlucky as a side effect
I mean one of the villans can be suprise attack
Skunk bear is actually pretty cool, even if his powers are unorthodox
"I am the night... I am vengeance... I am SURPRISE ATTACK!" -Surprise Attack, probably No seriously though, bro does a better job at being a symbol of fear to terrify criminals than Batman himself.
5.1 k likes lol
He's like Amon from lord of the mysteries
exactly i ned to know too
You mean they were surprised
He is the only useful hero
Like FINNALY THEY'RE NIT FUCKIN USELESS. That always irked me for some reason
​ Irk? What irk? Weird term to use...
“Erm, ackually, bathtubliving died and respawned so technically, they did die ”
What about supprise attack he died To animal
​ he never dies
surprise attack never dies, him getting hit doesn't count
​ You know he's going to come back.
What about surprise attack
Surprise attack seems more like his own thing ​
He's immortal there's a vid about that​
Don't forget the Arctic
-7405 that’s the thing he never dies
well I mean...2 of them can pretty much never die
Surprise Attack got hit by a stampede of random animals one of them summoned, in addition to the brief death of BathtubLiving.
you forgot abt suprise attack
Wym? Surprise attack got ran over totally flatten by that animal horde
Cause they actually got good super powers this time
Poor surprise attack
Surprise attack got ran over
2 died technicly
I would say “what about surprise attack” but he will pull thru like literally every short he’s on.
Bathtub living died, and so did surprise attack
You should ask other creators and get sneak to appear on thier shorts.
Imagine the whole family coming after surprise attack for defeating two of there family members And surprise attack getting surprised that he got a surprise visit
Honestly what surprised me the most was the fact that the heroes weren’t totally useless
he got the villain too
How did he surprise you, he has the same face he’s always had
well, it is surprisingly shocking
It wouldn't be a surprise if you could.
You got a commet
the ultimate lower
i mean it still has a meaning even if misspelled
it could be a compliment tho
maybe he really is Deadpool
How is it humiliating?
we need more people like you
It aint a humiliation.
But what about Suprise Attack, since he got ran over? I mean yes, he didn't die because he can't but that has GOT TO HURT.
​-p6u Nah dont worry about him, he's got plot armor
"Surprise attack" is the most successful Superhero in killing and defeating his opponents. At least no SuperVillain has ever survived him.
Lowkey surprise attack is OP af because you either have to be permanently paranoid of everyone being him and alert and expecting 24/7 or be surprise attacked.
Surprise attack never fails to surprise me
Bro surprise attack is getting violated fr
Not gonna lie, The ability to respawn as long as there is a bathtub in this world is really busted it's even more OP than Deadpool and Wolverines healing factor or regeneration.
"that's what she said." Bro doin' his best.
The first time the heroes genuinely did a good job first try
"It's Jubilee, the mutant that shoots fireworks out of her hands" "no, i'm Potpourri, i emit pleasant smells from my hands"
“Now I'm getting pissed off!” “No, now you're getting pissed on.” best lines I've ever heard this week
That "it's time for backshots" out of nowhere is fcking hilarious
“Now I am getting pissed off” “No now you’re getting pissed on” Had me wheezing
“Hmph, he went down fast. That’s what she said.”
"Now im getting pissed off " "No, Now you are getting pissed on :D"
Now I'm getting pissed off! No your getting pissed on
Backshots is actually a great villain Every time he says his name his opponents Are in shock
“I’m Skunkbear, and this is Bathtubliving”
He's immortal and no one could predict his move. You can't ask for more powerful hero to defend this planet other than him
This is actually a really good opening round for the heros, 3 villains gone and only one hero dead, which doesn't even count that much since he will probably be back.
Surprise attack really surprised me in this one
"That's right it's me, surprise attac-*gets dragged with the animals*"
-i3w No, but if one did survive that would be surprising making one survive but if its expected than it’s not a surprise so his a paradox
​-i3w ofc not that's the surprise
Surprise Attack is Mt favorite, just how he dies every time then the wonder woman music
I love how the villains genuinely sounded somewhat scared, they had the, oh shit, its John wick voice.
​ I love the comparison of Surprise Attack and John Wick.
Fr he killed all the villain at past
On the bad side, his fellow heros seem pretty successful in attacking him
Surprise attack always comes back because if he doesn't that wouldn't be a surprise anymore
Super attack is that one persistent shonen character that keeps getting beaten up
Always takes one for the team. Man of a man
Fr he is goated
Yet, there is always a price to pay for surprising his enemies. He's literally bound by the laws of surpise
No, and no one has actually managed to defeat him for good even tho, he's only been foiled by friendly fire
Ya but he also surpises himself
But no superhero too, you just wait.
Explains why he has the grim reaper’s weapon
True but its a shame he gets tortured every time he kills a villain
The legend The myth The guy
Surprise attack always dies but doesn’t die
Ну его невозможно пережить или победить. Ведь если ты его победишь то ты должен быть всегда готов к его нападению, даже после победы. Ведь если ты посчитаешь что он не вернётся то он мгновенно вернётся т.к. это будет surprise. Ну короче парадокс такой
his only weakness is friendly fire
i Think the Counter for "Surprise Attack" is only "The Expecto". (not Expecto Patronum).
he doesn't survive himself as well.
i think surprise attack is protagonist in this series, and that mean the Truck-Kun is only beat surprise attack
I always expect Suprise attack
True but he mostly gets hurt in the process
Bathtub living and Skunkbear are is the only other superhero with a successful kill.
Killing an enemy while he is in flashback is the most powerful superpower
so true ma, he's like a cosmic level entity at this point
-d5v nah he has normal level ap
Dude Is my favorites hero
True man he is my favorite
They did most of the time but they died in the end anyway
But heroes killed him
Legit better superhero than Marvel or DC classics. Definetly would watch a movie with him in it.
And also the unluckiest hero
Actually, uhh, idk
Yes he is
Question. Can surprise attack Kill yogiri takatou?
​ Yep. Not even Yogiri is safe from the grim reaper itself, lol.
Perfect Prediction[PP] Started It all
yet he never survive himself XD
No super villain and super heroes has survived
He is my favorite hero and he will never die
And he immortal
Also the unluckiest
My favourite hero.
i will be suprisd if he dont kill them but some ather did
But he always die
What if surprise attach attacks you normally without surprising you
Surprise attack is outversal
also most deathed hero
But not to me
I remember that one Jumpchain I went to worm and mimicked Surprise Attack lol Jack Slash suddenly getting stabbed through the head while he doing a speech towards Panacea was really funny
Unless the other do something dumb
High precision, low accuracy,
Cuz it's surprising
He always dies at the end
He also somehove survirves everything
What about bathtub living and skunkbear, because they killed 2 villains and surprise attack got harly Ben
And no superheroes can't survive with him
he can't defeat his opponent fast because he always get in trouble by other hero
I got surprised
Why he always got kill
Or defeated him
I cast THUNDER Ability… you surprised it wasn’t Thunder SPELL? Surprise attack!
Unknown Superheros part 17 on July 8th
Very few super heroes survive his support either.
Yet he always ironically gets "surprise attacked"
Just when you thought it's over, he's back at it again
. Damn, I didn't expect that
Only other superheroes make him lose
I mean everyone in this world look the same
"No villain has ever survived him" the problem is that he doesn't either
to be fair that has never been a problem
he's the most powerful bc he's immortal
surprise attack, sea man, skunkbear,bathtubLiving, and cringelord they would be the best squad to defeat enemies
Immortality really gives him a advantage
Wait now that it’s expected he can’t do it anymore unless… it’s unexpected
Yeah ngl this scene with him being in disguise and all was actually cool as hell
That's a surprise after all
He Has unlimited plot armour
Surprise attack: I always come back Purple guy (or William… idk): hey that my line?!
Only thing is he gets hit by the other heroes
But he never survive too
And he is the immortal
Hes also the most successful in dying every time
ye suprise attack is the best and most succesful hero
He's never survived HIM either
He is legitimately considered in powerscaling.
The most surprising part of surprise attack... Is that he never gives up.
The second most successful hero is the cop. He doesn't do anything, never has a gun on him it seems, but he's survived after everything that's happened.
There was 1... villain who survived
No There is one who survived him And he’s known as Obvious attack…..
And hes by technicalities. Hes immortal too
Suprise don't be -Barry Allen aka the flash
I gotta say, he'd be a pretty useful superhero. Just as Thanos is about to finger snap... SURPRISE ATTACK!!!
Police man is most powerful person to exist that doesnt get killed by him
Yeah, I want him a movie of his own, people will scream "HIS PLOT ARMOR IS CRAZYYYYY!! "
It only takes 5 episode
He's just too op
they should make him a part of marvel or DC
he hasnt even survived himself
You're lying just say opposite what u you said
Surprise attack surprises everyone once again
His secret power is that he’s immortal
Anti hero cuz he is killing
by being expected i become unexpected again when i do come out when i am expected
“Oh you’re a villain alright, just not a super one!”
he fr could have been an actual superhero that could have had his own series after all his name is good enough and his way of defeating and attacking is interesting.
i had stroke reading y’all comments
And he has not survived any of them
His weakness is being surprised attacked..
Can we all agree that surprise attack is the best superhero in history
what is the song of suprise attack?
Wind guy got him
And he has never not died at the end
You’d be surprised
In fact, it would be surprising if he lost
Second powerful is a villain, which is backshot.
I know hes the only actual superhero but has the worst luck
The surprise is that it one taps no matter how strong you are
He also dies the most often, terrible K/D ratio
-e8p suprised that your suprised because he dies a lot
Well guy with paper planes survived him
Bro has plot armor
Greatest superhero of all time.
He's also died to every villain at least once
Only because the villains he fights are worse than him!
You know surprise attack is immortal so he will revive and attack you making it not a surprise anymore “me in the corner so it begins”
So do any of them canonically die though because if they don't how am I supposed to feel involved in the storyline
That actually wouldn't work, surprise attack said when you expect it, he won't attack, but then that means you know he won't attack and then he can
that’s what i mean, you have to expect to be attacked 24/7 or you’ll be attacked. Imagine the fear, stress and paranoia slowly driving you insane if surprise attack wanted you dead, he’s basically immortal.
He Isnt the smartest tho
He's actually terrifying
actually he can attack whenever, even if you're expecting him, because if you're expecting him that means you think you're safe hence his appearance would be a surprise. he's shown this feat before, so hes basically immortal no matter what you do.
He's too op.
Wdym "low-key" surprise attack had been surviving impossible odds and straight up resurrecting he really is the most op
9 9 24
Thats like batman lol
Reply 9, a op character that doesn't pay attention
Kinda reminds me of The Game where the whole point is to not remember that it exists or else you lose
​ ... I LOST THE GAME
-Editz and he's gone.
hes the best change my mind also to be honest i wasn't expecting that one either
Most OP characters
​-0bserver He is the strongest after all He's immortal, can surprise you, might even be smarter than batman because he thinks inside and outside the box and breaks the fourth wall
better hero than all of marvel
Hands down my favorite super hero of all time
Best hero ever to exist.
And even now he still gets hit by his Allies attack
The goat of unknown heroes is back boys
Now he is not surprising you because it’s no longer a suprise
Best hero I never even suspected
Now we officially need a movie about him
He is the best but stupidest character in a nice way
I love this guy mobo needs to capitalize on it
hey! dont ruin the suprise! haha xD
He is the best superhero here
Ikr. I forgot that he always shows up in these.
Surprise Attack is the best hero, no one can tell me other wise
Surprise attack deserves to be in a movie.
Surprise attack goat
The best one yet. Or ever.
Yeah, he’s the best hero ever and he doesn’t fail to surprise
I somehow knew that was surprise attack immediately
Best hero ever
He is now my fav hero now
i am so glad i didnt read your comment, i was suprised
​ i agree with you!
Im proud of him, he got one villain.
You don’t say
HOW DOES THIS GUY SURVIVE FOR EVER
lucky he is on the Heroes side. or is it? *vsauce music played
Just like the spanish inquisition
That's the point
But he fails to live
I forgot the name of the song that plays when Surprise Attack showed himself
surprise attack is getting surprised attack
It's in the name "SURPRISE" atack
He really never does.
Then you are expecting to be surprised so you won't but your expecting that so you will, I need to think about this
My fav hero now
Bro what's his theme sojg
Suprise attack back with the milk
I'm always happy to see him
A movie for surprise attack would action so hard
no more perfect 100 replies for you
Hey Marvel! If you have trouble shooting another movie, consider watching this.
but he went down fast
Mate for once he fully surprised me I had no thought of his existence there
Suicide Squad killed themselves
my favorite super hero XD
are you really that suprised that attack didnt hit?
I think it was more the appearance
i give people th power of 1k, goodluck
That kinda point
Why did u spoil
Yeah, since you can consider technically anything you can dip your body in to be a bathtub. So not just bathtubs, even a submerged cage under a lake is a bathtub. He's virtually immortal.
just like deadpool
​ even if it has to be porcelain tub its still op. Especially with a fast respawn time like that.
I'd love to have that ability irl it'd be amazing.
These are some good heros lol
The only problem is that you would need to get back to the fight after dying if there isn't a bathtub nearby
​ no, I don't think he reapawns in the tub. I think he just gets back up
Space can be considered the bathtub of planets, as it holds everything, and you can dip into it.
​ Yeah but you'll probably respawn way too far away, over and over.
imagine showering and looking behind you and you see some Deadpool cosplayer
I mean, it's technically immortality but with extra steps, since there is a way to kill you just very hard to do, could possibly be impossible depending on your definition of bath tubs. I would still take true immortality over it since having to respawn when you are defending someone might not be ideal.
And as long as you don't explain ur ability no one would know
Unless he respawns in a bathtub on the other side of the world
Respawn on the bathroom where girl taking a bath
Bathloveliving more powerful than deadpool confirmed
What if someone’s using the bathtub he spawns in?
actually, there need to be at least 2 bathtubs as he said "bathtubs" not bathtube
fr, cuz deadpool can still die, if he blows up, theres nothing left to regenerate, and wolverine, just heals fast, just kill him fast enough
But imagine he respawns in a bathtub with someone taking a bath
and there are millions
Not if you are in India
I mean if someone were to somehow shut down all water in pipes then they wouldn't be considered bathtubs anymore just giant porcelain pots.
​ I mean technically he spawned out of a bathtub with no water in it, though it might just be because the sign above them specifically labels them as "Bathtubs for sale"
You do realise that a bathtub doesn't always contain water, right?
no, the item was created with an intention and named. The name doesn't go away. hence why behind him are bathtubs not hooked to anything.
999 likes and zero let me fix that
-n9v *Zero Comment, and now it's two, you've done your best.
​ -n9v 1 mother but no father? Lemme fix that
I make it three
Because they're Skunkbear and BathtubLiving not some random hero team up
I know! It's really.... What's the word? Astonishing? Unexpected? Unforeseen? Shocking? Its at the tip of my tongue.
​ Surprise attack!
Not to mention Surprise Attack's unexpected surprise
Bathtubliving and skunkbear had better abilities
no it kinda bad but they know how to use it like they are train properly
The tables have turned.
And the turns have tabled.
To be fair. Some heroes are powerful but get screwed over.
Like the hero after biclops, iron man, and sea man
Iron man,sea man,guy in ep2 be like:
Exactly my thoughts
Hey give a shout out to iron man
5th k like of agreement for yoy
They team wiped!
Anything about my pfp,blud?
There was a similar line in Horrible Bosses
Do you mean Helluva Boss?
Reminds me of Mel Brooks Robin Hood Men In Tights movie: “Pissed off? If I were that close to a horse’s wiener I’d be worried about being pissed on”
The name itself implies
“You can’t say that without context-“
I'm still trying to figure out what the other meaning of that is.
You can't just say basho- -BACKSHOT
especially knowing the meaning
wait, is that... a thing? what is a backshot?
u don't wanna know bro im telling u...
Bro Really Made a Gojo Joke lmao
​ thats just what the villain does, there aren't any references
Yea that one killed me lmao
I died while laughing when he said that
No, you didn’t laugh. You were peeing your pants.
why does the pfp fit so well
LOLed at that one so hard!
the R kelly move
oh no no no! LMAO
​ I don't think it's really R Kelly cause I don't think the villains are underage
"OOOOUUGHFH WHAT IS THIS?! D:<"
The way of the Outback Sniper
bro how did he got that amount of the Liquid
me when jarate
The group is like the blue team then sunkbear is like a read sniper with a jarate
Honestly surprise attack gives me Kenny vibes from South Park
You also just described deadpool
-Draconian you mean bathtubliving right?
​ -Draconian surprise attack literally bends reality to surprise people
But is he immortal if you expect him to be ?
What a surprise.
Surprise attack will be back, and more surprise
suprise attack canonically respawns if it is a suprise, which it always is
​ Because when it's not a surprise anymore, it's a surprise again.
​ the only way surprise attack will be killed if everyone on earth will be killed because if he came back no one will be surprised anymore because everyone is dead. Right
Its basically a cheat this time. All 3 heroes are immortal.
. skunkbear doesn't seem to have immortality
Ok but seriously I didn't expect him to be surprise attack He really did suprised me Maybe yall too?
Bro has either a, totems or b, is afton
Surprize attack has the ability to survive as long as it's a surprise
you got me
I was shocked when I saw his weapon!
i mean surprise literally is in his name so...
This was the most creative surprise attack i have seen
"Say what you will, but you are never prepared for the SURPRISE ATTACK." -Sarah Dessen
"Now I'm getting pissed off" "Now you're getting pissed on"
"No, now you're getting pissed on." Had me choke on my water bottle
when you realize that surprise attack actually surprise you from no where Surprise attack is the real goat
"Surprise attack" always gets half cooked in the end bro, he had every right to be a villain.
“Now I’m getting pissed off” “No, now your getting pissed on” I’m dying
When they needed them the most they returned
"Miles Morales!" "No, Kilometers Paralysis"
"Spiderman!?" "No, I'm WebGuy"
Their combo’s actually really good!
Surprise Attack being unironically surprising is something we need more
Surprise attack using his 0.1% power
"That's right it's me! Suprise atta-" One of my favourite last words to date
Surprise attack has to be my favorite. His power is whenever you're least expecting him he's there and you would never expect him because there's always a time when you would least expect him.
“Now you’re getting pissed on”funniest guy ever
“No,Your Getting Pissed On!” What A Quote Right There!
When the world didn't know them, THEY RETURNED
“No , now your getting pissed on” IS CRAZY
The reason surprise attack will never fail is because mobo plays every single character himself, and in the end he can Just reveal any random character to be surprise attack in a camouflage.
He's like the best unknown super hero in this universe.
There should be a movie
Nah -rosa parks
Suprise attack goes down so the villains dont expect him to be alive crazy theory
surprise attack if the enemy thinks he’s dead it’s perfect for a surprise attack if the enemy thinks he’s alive, he will attack them in spirit form
125 likes and no comments, LET ME FIX THAT!
Thanks man, good thing I'm blind and deaf
Me when I watch the video and use the comment section
Bro when i watched this i was rolling off laughter bcs of that joke
His the Goat for sure!!! Bro always catch a W, don't matter how many tries It takes.
And yet he chooses to be a hero despite knowing he possesses an overpowered ability.
​ the element of surprise
i have a theory he gets hit so he can make his enemies think he's gone and then his attacks will always be unexpected
Imagine he does become a villain
And yet he remains a hero
Maybe he knows the power of plot armor.
And so is suprise attack for like the bajillionth time
Unlike Aang for 100 years
Kilometers paralysis? I figured that kilometer immorales would make more sense
How does Morales turn into Paralysis? I don't get that
I can temporarily freeze everyone for kilometers away. I also get freezed and can't unfreeze for a few hours
I can also only measure mass in terms of kiloliters
Nah kilometer deppressed
No it would be kilometers uncertainty, who just so happens to be surprise attack
Nah that's just caseoh
-od5xe “Oh you’re Caseoh” “No I’m Caseoh- dea I get stronger every time I eat a quesadilla”
No, kilometers depression Or, Immoral kilometres lol
No, Miles Morals. (Tomorrow’s Teachings Verse) iykyk
That works because Miles Venom Blast being the Paralysis.
-rx8yb useful information
WTF IS A KILOMETER
​ where did you go to school, lad ? It's the metric system. Basically the other system that isn't imperial, which is used in the usa
The fact that there are actually people who were named Miles Morales Morales is common last name here so I expect someone who was named like that
May be a bit to close to Web-Man, the stupid Spider-Man clone created by Doctor Doom.
Nah more like arachnid kid
that's Ant-Man's alternative superhero
Spider-Man !? No, I'm just a Web Developer
Cicakman, real movie btw.
Ironman? Nah I'm "WoOdEEn MAn" wth
Don't worry, he'll be back. He always is.
That made me giggle
I was gonna say that
That’s what she said
it'd be surprising if surprise attack takes control of another living person's body when he dies (like makima)
I’d imagine how suprise attack work if he a real heroes is his ability could change how people sees him untill he’s attacking and it come undone. Basically assassin creed
Seeing these superheroes actually winning for once actually fills me with joy
I burst out laughing at: >D.O.O.D.S >Cop >Superhero names >Backshots >Bathubs >Pheromones >Surprise Attack (which I didn't see coming)
Bathtub living has a pretty solid power ngl
“Now i’m getting pissed off- No, now you’re pissed on” killed me
"Now I'm getting pissed off" "No,now your getting pissed on"
Bro I didn’t even know surprise attack was there ngl Gave me a real “Surprise”
“It’s time for backshots” got me dying and their reactions was hilarious
Ok, BathtubLiving and Skunkbear are actually competent, or at least more competent than everyone we've seen so far with the exception of Surprise Attack.
Actually got some guys that were actually useful this time.
Surprise attack scared the hell out of me
"No now your getting pissed on" is crazy
"Suprise Attack" is my favorite hero out of them all he manages to show up in every single one andbit just makes my day whenever i see him it just makes me happy and hearing him say his catchphrase "Suprise Attack!"
When they were actually doing good
"BathtubLiving" Got me dying
"BathTubLiving" had me rolling bro
Multiple supervillains in one fight, plus seeing unknown heroes get to actually be kickass and effective with their powers, plus a legitimately Surprising appearance!? I can’t put into words how happy I am!
“Its HIM” Surprise attack: Yep im him
"Now Im Getting Pissed Off" - "No, Now You're Getting Pissed On" :skull:
"Is time for backshots" that sentence had me on the floor 0:26
The ONE time I wasn’t expecting Surprise Attack
Technically they always win with surprise attack beating the villain and dies immediately
-eo2fr I think they mean the other hero’s are not useless this time around
Technically they always won considering most of the time considering surprise attack beats the villains in the end and getting killed instantly
​ -eo2fr and then respawns out of nowhere
Maybe they're not the protagonists in this one then
YOU’LL NEVER SEE IT COMIIIIIIINNNNGGGGGG YOU’LL SEE THAT MY MIND IS TOO FAST FOR EYES YOURE DONE IN BY THE TIME ITS HIT YOU YOUR LAST SURPRISE
here comes the sun (A bomb explosion sound effect*)
Persona Fans are hidden in plain sight… I mean YOURE DONE INNNN
It killed me too
You are right in every way possible
Meet the sniper
snipin’s a good job, mate!
Couldn't stop laughing
i would be scared too if a guy who can suprise you by reviving from the dead and cant do anything about it
I meant xD
121 and no comments I'll fix that
​ No father figure, can't fix that
how they made the comments at the same time
stolen from the video
Bro came back like a certain man who called himself a rabbit and is very shady
Yeah but what is surprise attacks theme?
that's why he is named surprise attack
Iron man was pretty competent just Dr stranger teleport him away
​ but these two are the only superheroes team up so far that doesn't cause self sabotage. And they really know how to use their power too.
there is actually a plenty of super heros in this series that are actually pretty powerful (Bat man,two punch man,cringe Lord,gaulck,carman) but they either get screwed over by a tamemate or just simply outplayed
cringe Lord has gof awful aim. But hes cool anyway
​ Seamen and dust man they also have good powers seaman got obliterated by hors lightning which was bad timed dust man got screwed over
Hor is slow but i didnt necessarily see him die in the episode so he still survived
And the first time 4 villains got beaten in only one episode
3. The paper airplane guy managed to avoid the animals.
I mean he is surprise attack so
I'm happy but disappointed I mean when they work together they get defeated by 3 guys I mean we didn't even see King Sharts powers
me too lol!
ye I loved actually seeing them be successful
Was thinking the same thing
Ah yes my favorite emoji :skull:
. My favourite is
. well if their probably on pc
"JARATE!" - sniper tf2
you guys know that... wait nevermind
That’s what she sai-
What does that sentence even mean like I don't understand what so weird about it?
-caughtin4k your too innocent,
No it didn't
I fr burst out laughing
0:28 My reaction was the same as SkunkBear
We got a year of likes yay
Fr that was a real suprise
I am Surprised that I am Surprised
He took you by surprise
-mj5pl it took me by surprise The hatred in his EYESSS
That's the surprise
Love the pfp​
Suprise attack has mastered his elemental suprise that us viewer was surprised
I was, but expecting his disguise, I wasn't
I was expecting him but not like THAT
I just thought it was a regular civilian
He called surprise attack for some reason
What did pancakes do?
At first i thought this will be the time where the other heroes manage to win without suprise attack
I am so surprised that I am not surprised
he really mastered the element of surprise
bro finally lived up to his name
He is finally Improving
Did his job perfectly
I gave you like 5k so don't edit the comment or I will take it away
Same for me bro
It in his name
Me too man
what a Surprise indeed
i never expected that surprise attack
What can I say he's full of surprises
That's why it's a surprise
Did not expect it tbh
That was an actual surprise.
The superhero of all
Me too Like how tf?
This is so real
It's a suprise attack
Surprise attack carries the series
Unrelated but does anyone know what Surprise Attack’s theme is called
I did his job of doing a surprise attack
However I wasn't surprised by his "death".
That's why it's a suprise.
Because you dident exempt him its been a surprise
Omg I'm like WHA ITS HIM
I agree with you on this
His power works
Surprising, isn't it
He appeared like he should have been followed with a "JO JO!!!!!"
WHAT A SURPRISE AYE!?
For me it was the only time i was expecting Surprise Attack. And i still got surprised that i somehow knew he was the man in the cloak.
It was so surprising I pissed myself
Alway expect the unexpected. That’s his weakness.
That means he is doing his job well.
that's LITERALLY his special ability
That’s why his name is surprise attack it will always be a suprise
Me neither it a SURPRISE to see
I regret nothing
Das why it’s a suprise
Same I thought it was just a normal guy
Yeah me to dude
i call it the master of plot twist
Same it's like "Surprise attack returns even more Surpriser"
I mean ain't it kinda the point?
In fact you will never expect him Because since you expect him it’s not a surprise so he won’t come but he still will because you expect that he won’t come because you ex left him to come
If you were expecting it then it wouldn't be a surprise attack
aha but since you know he will come you understand that it’s a surprise and that he won’t come but when he does come it’s a surprise because the fact that it wasn’t a surprise made it a surprise again
You mean those buffalo?
That's what she said
“OH MY GOD IT’S SURPRISE ATTACK”
And we actually got successful heroes this time thankfully
I see, That's why he came! You didn't expect him to come... So he surprised you
I guess it was a surprise attack
And that become?.........suprise
That’s why they call him surprise attack
Wdym we never expect him
That is why he is suprise attack
This time he got us fr
Same here, bro
Thats why he is Surprise attack
Surprise attack is the best superhero. He needs a comic
I'm waiting for the time that surprise attack doesn't die
Surprised that surprised attack was here
I’m gonna be honest I kind of expected that the man was surprise attack
That's why it's a surprise.
He is always a surprise
Fr bro I like cool then to w g is comeback
It was clever asf too oml i had goosebumps
Element of suprise
Naw fr tho
SUPRISE ATTACK. now it’s 2
Bro abikity sounded useless but is actually the best power
he’s the true surprise
Well, he is Surprise Attack.
You could say... it was a surprise surprise attack
surprise attack successfully being surprise attack
lmao that's why it's called surprise attack
He's called surprise for a reason
He has surprise in his name
because your not supposed to
Bro surprise attack will never die he just keep respawning
"YOU NEVER SEE HIM COMING!"
That’s how his power works man
Fr had no idea its him
Thanks for the spoiler
He lived up to his name
His name is surprise attack for reason
i thought surprise attack is on a vacation or something until the ending
“Now I’m getting pissed off” “No, now you’re getting pissed on”
"Now I'm getting pissed off" "No, now you're getting pissed on" Every line is literally killing me
“No, now your getting pissed on” is crazy
i laughed so hard at "no,you're getting PISSED ON" plus the bucket throw was the cherry on top
Surprise attack is the best characters ever created
"no now your getting pissed on" got me dying
this man genuinely puts a smile a on my face
The cop facepalming in the background while Skunkbear and bathtubliving is introducing themselves is so relatable
The cop running away cuz he know some random azz superhero going at appear when he was there.
The fact that this version of Deadpool actually is immortal, cause there will always be bathtubs in the world
When the world needed him, he returned. Surprise attack for the win!
YES FINALLY, UNKNOWN SUPERHERO SERIES RETURNS IT’S BEEN TOO LONG
"He went down fast" Bathtubliving:that's what she said
“It’s time for back shots” is crazy
Can't believe bathtub living and skunkbear actually did something usually they'd already be dead
"He went down fast" "That's what she said"
This was the best surprise attack yet. I legitimately went "Wait what?"
Bro surprise attack is my new favorite superhero
The disappointment on the officer's face. "IM Skunkbear and he is bathtub living"
Skunkbear and Bathtub living actually makes a good team
I lost my sh at that
​ Wow, BathTubLiving! Im your fan!
He is better than what marvel is doing
marvel need to be taking notes from Ian
And the most competent
Hear me out An idea for heroes could be Robin It’s just a guy dressed up in a European Robin costume Like the bird
What if surprise attack actually summoned the heroes? This can be proven by the fact that the heroes are not what we expect, and also the fact that the ones that looks weak (like Iron man) is strong. Also, what if the cop was just a cover-up so people won't suspect that surprise attack was the one with the heroes?
Just make a new one.
the ocean is a bathtub
Imagine all the bathtubs got destroyed by a villain
does ocean count as one?
but then what if you don't have a bathtub nearby and have to make a 10km jog back to the battlefield after respawning
He mentioned "In the world" not nearby. So you could be in a city that has NO bathtubs at all, but since bathtubs still exist in a seperate city (Whether it be on the other side of the earth, or not) you can still respawn. Although, I really like the idea of you having to jog ALL the way back, and by the time you get there, the enemy, or your team, is already dead.
bro what is this minecraft??
well he did come out from one so i think that's assumed
No you're getting pissed on
Not if I eat them all
Any tub or anything resembled as a tub (example: bath tub painting) as long as it is used for idea of bathing in theory should work?
That means bathtubliving has a pal that also is immortal Surprise attack; the man of surprises
Suprise attack is weird becuse if he attacks more in one video its a suprise
What constitutes a tub
anything that can hold human and water simultaneously
Mobo needed time to come up with the biggest surprise Surprise Attack for this video, to ensure that we'd be surprised
IT'S BEEN SO LONG
also “now I’m getting pissed off- No your getting pissed on” LIKE WHAT!?!?!?
You can’t say that without context
Bro wants to be like gojo
I m your 1k like Welcome
“You can’t say that without context”
I don't get it either
Who the fk comes up with that joke is either a brilliant or professional
DEER back shots
I was laughing so hard my dad said What you watching
i dont get it
​ ur too young
so when a mommy and daddy love each other very much… they do a special dance and then 9 months later a baby pops out
There was another alternate Wolverine called Hugh Jacked Man. Don't know why he's not there though
​ because he got blued
“Now I’m getting pissed off” “No you’re getting pissed on”
That skunkbear thing is actually useful
Bathtubliving- dead pool I’m dying why is this so CREATIVE
"Now im getting pissed off." "No. Now your getting pissed on"
"Oh now im getting pissed off!" "No your getting pissed on" Had me dying broo
Surprise attack never gets old
“it’s time for backshots” confusion “You can’t say that without conte-“ ”BACKSHOTS!” ”ugh!” “Hmph he went down fast” ”that’s what she said” top 10 best lines ever.
Skunkbear genuinely taken aback by Backshot (pun not intended) is hilarious lmfao
Bathtubliving cracked me up so bad
"now I'm getting pissed off" "No now your getting pissed on"
"IM GETTING PISSED NOW!" "now your getting pissed on"
Ngl best superhero’s so far. They actually took down the villains
BathtubLiving sounds like a sims dlc
finally superheroes that turned out to be useful, aside from our favorite Surprise Attack. what a legend.
“Its HIM” Lord surprise attack
Surprise attack always dies at the end of the day as a true hero
The Now your getting pissed on got me
Was the first and only hero to defeat villains
The DO OR DIE squad is so catchy I’m gonna have to steal that. It’s kind of like the phrase ‘ride or die’
I cried when I heard that line
It’s but also
301th liked lol btw Christ be with you :)
​ why did bro put it in brackets
Literally he is immortal
Each of them killed one
They had the upperhand
That wasn’t surprise attack
Sometimes I forget that he plays all the characters by himself
I like how captain paper airplane is there even though he got rejected
These 3 could be a proper hero team.
"It's time for BackShots" killed me
Bathtubliving got me rolling to Mars
"You can't say it without context" bro knew what we thought about
"No, Now you're getting pissed on" got me rolling
The Cop's power to always be in a situation where he has to be near a belligerent villain.
Love Surprise Attack’s appearance at the end.
BathubLiving is a mysterious op power
"he went down fast" " thats what she said" caught me off gaurd
“I have iron in my blood” -Hue Man
Surprise attack is unironically one of the coolest heroes
The goat is back baby! Surprise attack!
Surprise attack reminds me of Kenny from South Park. Always dies, but always comes back like a legend.
Wow… Their powers are actually very useful this time and pretty overpowered for the bathtub guy. He will never die. You destroy an entire country worth of bathtubs and move on to another country? That first country is gonna start churning out bathtubs like crazy.
"No, now you're getting pissed on," is crazy work
The Suprise Attack Never Gets Old! my Favorite Hero So Far!.......... .
Well that explains why that random guy was just sitting at that table as a full battle happened, love the consistency I also love how Surprise Attack's now been dethroned as the only competent hero
Damn bro, not pin?
He is late that’s why
Truly sad but thanks for your Donation
My stomach produces acid.
It's seemingly the closest bathtub that he respawns in, so he's easy enough to imprison.
“Okay, now I’m getting pissed off.” “No. Now you’re getting pissed on” > MEET THE SNIPER
I like how surprised attack even has A suprise song
Surprise attack, always surprise and no enemies kills him. He killed them, but every time he does it, I swear he also dies in the weirdest way, but the most sensible way.
Suprise attack never fails
Surprise attack be having the most kills in these series
Surprise attack always saving the day
Surprise attack is really a top tier creation never fails to surprise me.
These unknown super heroes actually seem useful
Make surprise attack go through a character arc
The best serious comedy episode to ever exist
All hail Surprise Attack !!!!!!
Surprise Attack! The legend returns!
Suprise Attack is the strongest character in fiction
"No. Now you're getting pissed on."
Suprise attack somehow has the best timing and the worst timing at the same time.
It's a shame Harley Ben died before even doing anything
bro the plot twists in this
The heros were acctually pretty affective in this episode
Skunkbear and Bathtubliving seen like a great duo
... Ahahaha hahaha it's his piss jar's isn't it
Dude has the power of immortality via surpise
Surprise attack should get a raise
Surprise attack need his own comic fr
R.I.P. Backshot King SharT Harley Ben You will probably not be remembered
The “ that’s what she said never fails to make me laugh lol
Suprise attack never fails to successfully fail
There will never be a day where Suprise attack will fail a suprise attack.
These are actually pretty good heroes with helpful powers this time
Surprise attack always dies in some wacky problem and backshot is kind of funny
“No now your getting pissed on” is crazy without context
Surprise attack.. He's back.. When the city needs him the most
Surprise attack is no joke the best one
"Suprise attack" "Famous last and first word"
"That's what she said"got me dying
No wonder the citizen wasn't afraid cuz he was surprise attack all along. Its truly always a surprise when it comes to surprise attack
Ngl not being able to die if there's bathtubs is OP af
I swear surprise attack needs his own movie
Surprise attack is just iconic and I love him
The squirk on surprise attack's face when one of the doodoos said doo doo showed that surprise attack still remeber how he started surprising people!
Surprise attack always come in clutch when we need him most
Speaking of suprises, they have suprisingly good coordination.
I Beleive backshots is still alive
We'll see about that
Yeah I want to see more of them lol
Well a lot of the unknown heroes actually have good powers they just suck at using them or have terrible coordination
Iron Man did a decent job lasering the enemy but had terrible defense. If he teamed up with Captain Switzerland who doesn't attack but deflect attacks, they'd be the ultimate duo. Sea Man did a good pretty good job too and could've won if it wasn't for Hor's terrible timing Even Huge Jacked Man had a crazy cool ability. He's a pacifist sure, but if he could disarm the enemy's weapons, then the other heroes could have a better chance of winning. Weed's smoke ability could've been helpful against anyone but Wack Shanty and the 6 dings reviving heroes was super helpful. If only he revived the competent ones. No Vision's only downside is that he had no way of directly attacking someone who could shoot out wind. Even Cringelord's cringe inducing rays are pretty good at pacifying or subduing enemies.
Exactly, if these heroes were just more competent and better at working together instead of accidentally sabotaging each other, they would be a pretty powerful superhero team
Avatar the last airbender refrence
"Surprise attack!"Dumbledore said loudly
"It's me, suprise attac-" gets fudging rhinoed.
Ofc the ONE SINGLE TIME I wasn't expecting surprise attack, he comes
They surprisingly handled it well
Imagine you get up in the middle of the night to find BathtubLiving just chilling in ur bath
Surprise attack? Surprise attacked
When I saw the BathtubLiving jacket my first thought was "MATPAT!?"
“It’s time for Backshots” is a crazy sentence. Good thing he added capitalization
I love how the cop isn’t doing anything just letting the heroes take the risk
Surprise attack always surprises me, it's his job
“No now your getting pissed on”
The cop has an ungodly amount of plot armour
The time when supprise attack lived upto his name
his videos never fail to amaze me lol
I love that surprise attack is always unlucky
Suprise Attacks been the most reliable so far
wolverine and deadpool fanboy and chumchum
*"No, youre getting pissed On"*
"Suprise Attack "
The "it's time for back shots", had me crying on God lol
Give me vibes like Kenny from South Park dies in almost every video and yet by the next he's perfectly alive fit as a fiddle
Its because its surprising how he ends up dying
He's the spiderman of this universe
No it's because of his surprise magic, right know he does only know the surprise attack but his magic make it so the surprise in his attack has to get back, making him nearly invulnerable since attacking him would instantly allow him to surprise attacking you from a distance because it's when you think that he is in danger and can easealy be killed or forget about where he is that his active surprise magic can be used
"That's right, It's me Surprise Attack." Gets Fricking OBLITERATED
Surprise attack always comes back even if you kill him
Yknow....these two are actually pretty damn useful, like Skunkbear could legit be a serious character
Surprise attack is so original and so "SURPRISING"
“Is she with you” went perfectly with that last clip.
3 heroes that actually did the job, noice.
Surprise Attack needs his own movie
This time they fr got useful
Bathtubliving can be a name of an indie bedroom rock band
Dude, you are my favorite comedian... like ever. Modern superheroes failed me, these will never. Extremely happy to see your still producing. Also thank you guys for the 27 likes, that's a lot for me
Bathtubliving for Deadpool is pretty genius.
Look, it’s deadpool! No, it’s Bathtubliving
Bro, surprise attack deserves a hq series.
These might actually be the most useful heros so far.
When the heros are actually good at there job
ITS TIME FOR BACKSHOTS
The dude with the most plot armour is the police
No now you’re getting pissed on is a wild comeback
" no, now your getting pissed on " got me
The Fear in The Leaders Eyes when he realises it's The Goat Suprise Attack.
I mean he already got a 4 minute backstory
It would be better than what Marvel has been making.
Mo never fails to surprise me with his unknown super hero episodes and the humor its funny
It's so good to see the guys back in action honestly I love this series.
That's the first time Surprise Attack actually surprised me since the start of the series (I love this series!) He needs a movie!
yall CANNOT presume surprise attack dead EVER
This is the most competent the unknown superheroes have EVER been
Usually the many heroes were needed for one villain, but this time it was the other way around
Surprise attack always manages to give a surprise
“I’m getting pissed off. No your getting pissed on” got me dying
These superhero powers are actually quite op
"that's what she say,"
AYO the heroes are getting good at their jobs! Or at least good powers. Either way good in them!
"no, now your getting pissed on"
These names he comes up with are hilarious I'm Skunkbear, and he's Bathtubliving "Surprise Attack," doesn't stay alive long enough for me
Yessss!!! Surprise Attack is back! Love this series! Also Suprise Attack is the most smart and successful super.
Somehow they kill the villain faster when the villain are not alone
"surprise attack never dies" goes hard
I expected the villains to all lose at ep 5. Maybe the main villain will just call worse and worse villains every episode
I can't believe I did it I watched all 170 of His YouTube Shorts I love your videos man, keep it up, One Thing I Love The Most Is The That's What She Said Jokes
Can we discuss about the fact that it’s the first time more that one hero survive to the episode ? Like.. surprise attack always survive but, livingbathtub and Skunbear with Gopu are still alive and useful at the end of the episode ?
No. Now Your getting pissed on, is comedy gold
They are learning
​ nah just some good heros
police man has seen enough
Backshots and surprise attack are my forever favourites
"Am getting pissed on but no your getting pissed on" Got me
This series should never end
The fact that the cop has become famous for having all the heroes
He went down,that's what she said. Such inspiring words.......
BathtubLiving is overpowered, man's literally immortal unless the planet is destroyed
0:33The"thats what she said"
Surprise attack is genuinely my favorite superhero
I swear the cop has the power to summon superheroes out of thin air
Skunkbear saying "blub" instead of Wolverine's usual "bub" was a nice touch
No kinds of Villains have ever defeated Surprise Attack........................ but the Hero did
Those 3 are my new favorite
“He just killed surprise attack, YOU BASTARD!”
Surprise attack is an actual goated superhero
“It’s time for back shots” gets me all the time it is so funny
0:52 i kinda expected it ngl
Surprise attack is the most iconic of heros
“No, now your getting pissed on.”
Thank for this much likes
I kept laughing for 30 seconds
At this point all the heroes are basically his brothers
No, he'd just respawn on another planet that also just so happens to have bathtubs
That power's kinda useless unless there are bathtubs nearby. Also it doesn't really help in fightning.
Not nearby its as long as it exits and as for fighting he can maybe make the enemy use up their energy
surprise attack is overpowered, he's immortal even if the planet is destroyed
wdym she has disguise
I just never knew Surprise Attack was female
which is better than immortality still bad but you atleast dont just wait in the eternal void forever
Which makes him also a superhero.
I guess he's a summoner class
THANK YOU I HAVE ALWAYS NOTICED THIS
Fr bro is everywhere lol
So it's not a surprise, you predicted SurpriseAtack
"NOW IM PISSED OFF" "Nah your getting pissed on " got me
"No now you're getting pissed on is crazy"
"Now I'm getting pissed off" "No, you're getting pissed on" Killed me
"No you're getting pissed on" lmao this guy is too good.
Suprise attack's so great that he is drinking coffee in middle of a destroyed city
"I am gonna defeat you villians!" "No you won't" "We'll see about that" timer appears in the corner
Surprised attack is so funny
Suprise attack has to be the main character
"It's time for backstop" "No your getting pissed on" Got me
“Get pissed on” got me
Bro surprise attack actually surprised me
No now you're getting pissed on is an epic line
Bathubliving is so OP tho
Deadpool is like Bedwars, whoops I mean bathtubliving
Backshots got me dieing
Bathtub living is freaking killing me
BathtubLiving absolutely killed me
"Now I'm getting pissed off," "no now you're getting pissed on" goes hard
We need a feature film for surprise attack
At least the heroes were actually useful this time lol
I got so off guard
Bro thinks hes R kelly
I'd be more surprising if he wasn't
The cop is the mc
BathtubLiving man I can’t with this
"Now youre getting pissed on" is insane
Bathtub living kinda op ngl
"They went down fast, that's what she said" got me rolling
I promise bro surprise attack is now so iconic that it IS now a original hero
Surprise attack NEEDS an training arc to detect better the danger around him
surprise attack LITERALLY surprised me
It’s great to see the cop finally got competent heroes that are t Surprise Attack
what's the music from suprise attack's segment?
this bro is really talented , imagine you playing multiple roles all by yourself
“It’s time for back shots”
Surprise attack made me chuckle.
The Police Officer and Surprise Attack are iconic at this point, I think they might start hopping into other shorts by this guy
This is peak and always will be
literally I always don’t expect suprise attack
Im WAAAY to invested in this I legit was excited when surprise attack appeared
That time suprise attack was actually a surprise
"Time for backshots" is insane (free diddy party)
Surprise attack strikes again
Yes it’s me surprise atta… Got me LMAO
“Now it is time for back shots” got me on the floor
The cops solo all he can summon any super heros
Surprise attack is now an officially known hero
The cop disappointment behind the heros
BathtubLiving has to be the best thing all of us have from these series so far!!!
The origin of surprise attack really surprised me back then
This is the first time som one is usefulness then surprise attack
The time they get so close to the feeding dumb and they lose
"That's what she said" caught me off guard
He really did it!
Surprise attack really cooked with this one
Surprise attack should be the best hero because he always comes in clutch
The only time surprised attack was surprising
“He went down fast.” “That’s what she said.”
"no your getting pissed on" is just crazy
He's in every freaking video and he still catches me off guard. Lmao. Most successful hero for sure.
this was prolly the most sucessfull episode for the heroes.
The one time I wasn’t expecting surprise attack
Surprise attack GOT suprise attacked
This is the first time their powers actually useful
The back shots the most powerful weapon
Surprise attack never ceases to surprise me
Finally, we have some actually effective superheroes.
surprise attack is the hero that always appears in videos but still surprises us
I am dying,My mission is over now>>>
"Surprise attack" is too powerful. He even surprised Himself
the original NUNUNINUNUHNUH on suprise attack is so awsome
It got me laughing so much time
i love how this time the heros were actually competent and didn't completely mess up like always
Surprise attack just got surprise attacked
“ no now youre getting pissed ON” LMFAO
Suprise attack is basically just “I died…BUT THEN I LIVED” incarnate
''Bathtub living ''
These guys are actually competent
Surprise attack is an all time classic
Stunkbear in a bathtubliving
Skunkbear and bathtub living is accually fucking golden
At the last second got me DYING
Surprise attack: I always come back
The pause and skunkbear's reaction to hearing "back shots" got me dying
Bathtubliving is the funniest thing i heard all day
The Plot twist was crazy
no now you getting pissed on had me rolling
The 'Now im getting pissed of, no you're getting pissed on' got me lmao
I would love to make an animated show wirh these superheroes
"Now you're getting pissed on" Got me laugh. Help I can't breathe
Was neat to see the Doods working with another.
bathtubliving is actually overpowered on city level villains
“I am the spy from Team Fortress 2.” -Surprise Attack, 2025
You know surprise attack will always surprise me But it won't surprise me if bro gets jumped by random objects or an attack
THAT TIME WHERE IT SAID IM GET PISSED OFF THEN BRO SAID NO YOUR GETTING PISSED ON LOL
Suprise attack is the funniest charecter and always the most unlucky
Since not even the fans expected surprise attack it became an even better surprise attack And honestly looking back at this those two were good ones since they did something useful
Now I’m getting piss off no your getting piss on got me dying on the floor
Skunkbear and bathtub living is crazyvlol
I love how surprise attack always dies at the end and comes back
Surprise attack got surprise attacked
"Now I'm getting pissed off!" No, Now your getting pissed on" bro
i cant believe that was surprise attack this whole time he really surprised me
Surprise attack is unironically the most genius hero ever
“Surprise attack” is the best character
"Huh. He went down fast." "That's what she said." DAMN BRO
BathtubLiving is lowk goated because there's bathubs all around the world. He should do good in the next unknown superhero episodes
Surprise Attack looking down as he realizes the Do or Die squad is back is actually a pretty good forshadowing if you think about it
Those were the only goods skilled heroes and Surprise Attack was flattened
It’s me. Suprise atta-. Got me dying.
Bro the one liners are killing me
suprise attack needs an oscar for living any attack in human existence even in the ocean and also in space
that last one catch me surprised
Out of everything they've done this the only one I've seen them win
Know your getting pissed on
Surprise attack needs his own comic
The way that the 911 guy moved back down looking disappointed seeing them again
“That's what she said”
Surprise attack is genuinely successful despite the circumstances every time
"now im getting pissed off.." "No... Now your getting pissed on!!"
Outside of Surprise Attack Skunkbear guy actually defeated multiple villains at once.
I like the fact he searches himself in the "its a pheromone that attracts animals to attack" section
Ah deadpool and wolverine my favourite fox characters
the surprise attack theme music is legendary
The suprise attack theme is fire ngl
Bathtubliving is low-key op. That’s near infinite lives right there
Dude actually good super heroes this time man. And one extra to
They actually doing great this time
These three are some of the strongest
Bro this IS the comeback we all waiterd for! THE HEROS FIGHT BACK
Surprise attack should have an anime to his name, such a legendary character
Bros just drinking his coffee an explosion happen
Surprise attack is the most powerful hero among them but the other ones always kill him before he can make the final fight
This “backshots” character is hilarious
skunkbear and bathtub living - just from that im dead lol
"That's what she said" bro that is wild
surprise attack deserves his own series
"Now I'm pissed off" "No now your getting pissed on" got me rolling on the floor
Everybody talking about surprise attack but never about backshots, he's scary
"Now you are getting pissed on"
it’s time for back. Shot is crazy though.
surprise attack got surprise attacked lmao
I think this trio would be useful for fighting villains
That bathtub superpower is oddly specific.
The first time both heroes actually accomplished smth
So far out of all the ones you have done this one is my favorite we need more super villain / superhero content
"You went down fast, "that's what she said
Surprise attack surprises me every time
Skunkbear and Bathtubliving actually have op powers ngl
Surprise attack is my favorite and I never see him coming
Now im getting pissed off. No, now you're getting pissed on! Got me rolling
even pridected one wouldn't try bc he would just hear his predictions then do something else
"That's what she said" killed me
Surprise attack is my favorite in these videos
The cop and surprise attack, da duo's
Surprise attack is the only one who actually wins here in some way
i swear surprise attack is op
Well, off to visit your mother. -Surprise Attack
Bathtubliving would actually be goated ngl
The first time i wasn’t expecting surprise attack
Finally the op unknowns win
Did anyone notice that bathtub living did not flinch when backshots said "its time for backshot"?
Crazy how the heroes that showed up were actually effective.
This guy… is the perfect comedian
Thats what she said
I think suprise attack needs a movie.
The only hero's that actually defeat the villains
surprise attack is the GOAT
Lowkey tell me why those two were cooking them
Surprise attack always gets surprised
The surprise attack has breached our defenses.
Surprise attack is the best superhero
i laughed too hard on "now you're getting pissed on"
the most unexpected series that you expect content from everyday:
The first time that the hero's are winning
I just realised that a drawback to Suprise Attack's power is that he keeps getting suprise attacted. Its more like he is a center of some force which he neither fully understands or controls.
The Surprise Attack is the only actual good superhero who actually survived
Surprise attack ICONIC
We need a whole movie about surproae attack being the main hero now.
Best line backshot hahaha
This guys are the first guys I saw defeat their enemies so fast
THE LEGEND IS BACK SUPRISE ATTACK
Bathtub guy's power is broken tho
“Now I’m getting pissed off” “No. Now your getting pissed on” My favorite quote
Suprise attack literally never gets a break, he always gets run over or beat up or something poor guy, at least he always actually gets things done though
Heros did good this time, 2 hits and a surprise attack on villains, and surprise attack was the only one hit
I would love to see an official series on surprise attack and the absolute horror he would be to anybody that is considered evil
This time these unknown superheroes ACTUALLY got the job done
Bathtubliving and suprise attack are extreme threat If bathtubliving know how to use his power which is extremely hard to defeat and suprise attack already reached his peak
finally good heros
Surprise attack just attacked the right person at the wrong time.
'thats what she said'' got me
Wow these heros actually are effective this time lol
Adding on to the comment below me, if he was a supervillain, we'd be cooked
Surprise attack sacrificing himself for the world
Suprise attack, most effitient hero that gets screwd by being around other heroes
"your not getting pissed off your getting pissed on" caught me of gurad
This is the real super hero we’ve been waiting for return
Ngl Bathtub Living is overpowered
Suprise attack is the most successful hero by killing all villains and then literally become the hero filled with bad luck
“Now I’m getting pissed off” “no now your getting pissed on”
The fact that the cop is the only one who isn’t a npc (aside from surprise attack)
Atleast they killed most of the villains
When the suprise attack theme song was on, theres always be a bad thing happend
“I will always respawn…*gets into a stance* now it’s my turn…” I love it I can’t stop watching this
“Now I’m getting pissed off.” “No, now you’re getting pissed on” BRO
Called surprise attack from the start
“Yeah it’s me, Surprise Atta- *gets ran over*” got me dying to America
These three heroes have been the most successful yet.
Surprise attack always surprise me
“Now I’m getting pissed of. no your getting pissed on”
"it's time for Backshots is crazy"
These DO.O.D.S are awesome!
Now your getting pissed on is just wild
Cop face palming after hearing skunkbear and bathubliving names lol
“All your city are belong to us”
God, these are so dumb! I just can’t get enough of them. Keep it up!
Nah I love how the villains are as scared of suprise attack as they would be with batman
Finally useful heroes for once
Surprise attack is literally the best ever
I love how currently backshot is the strongest villian because his power is a gun
Surprise attack learned a new way to make sure we don’t notice him making it a surprise because everyone has the same face
Surprise Attack never fails to surprise
That’s what she said caught me off guard
bro said no now you're getting pissed on lmao
“You can’t say that without conte-“ BACKSHOTS”
Surprise attack never Fails to Surprise me
Surprise attack never fails to surprise us
“No, you’re getting pissed on”
"Blub" Surprise attacked got surprise attacked
This is why surprise attack is my favorite
The hero’s in this actually did something successful. And Surprise attack is BACKKKKKKKKK
Suprise attack is the most "compitent" out of the bunch
pretty op powers actually
That scythe has seen better days
They both had pretty good powers
"What are we? Some kind of do-or-die Squad?"
Surprise attack always get surprised and attacked
Backshots is crazy
Not the wonder woman theme after Surprise Attack
That actually went rather well all and all
Bathtub Living is goated
That could be a real show
Its in character for Deadpool/Bathtub Living to say “Thats what she said”
"now im getting pissed off" "no." "now you're getting pissed on"
Honestly these are pretty useful
"Ha that's right it's me surprise atta-" and then him getting run over by the animals got me rolling down the stairs rotflmao
Surprise attack always gets surprise attacked
plot twist:the cop has the oly god power to create random heros in danger untill he is safe
"surprise attac-" ahh surprise attack man
Suprise attack Sudden death
In my opinion, these unknown heroes actually have the strength to fight 1 vs 1, and they can't control their power when they are in a team.
This is abosulote cinemaIt got me rolling straight to mars
I just realized besides surprise attack skunkbear and bathtubliving are the only heroes to ever take down a villain
Surprise attack should really stop being surprised that he gets killed every time
Bathtub living is quite a unique ability actually...
Suprise attack solos fiction
Surprise attack has the worst luck but even his luck cant find him till he accually does a surprise attack
Suprise attack wont work bc every one expects him to suprise attack which isnt suprise attack anymore.
Poor surprise attack man can't catch a break
“It’s time for backshots” and “Now I’m getting pissed off-“ “No, now you’re getting pissed on” are some of the funniest lines I’ve heard in this series so far
it's time for back shots got me
"Now im getting pissed off" "No now your getting pissed on" Got me
The city finally actually got some good heroes this time… or heroes that don’t clash too hard at least
The ONE time he got a W
No, youre getting pissed on got me rolling all the way to Mars
Marvel needs to take notice and make a movie dedicated to Surprise Attack
The only counter for surprise attack would be to expect absolutely everything
That surprise attack
Can't we talk about that the cop littertaly had more plot armour than anyone there he didn't even die or gotten hurt once
"backshot' got me
Now I’m getting pissed off, now you’re getting pissed on.
This is the best series ever
sutprise attack gets surprise attacked as often as he surprise attacks
time for back shots is crazy
Surprise atack is the MC of this universe
Now your getting pissed on best part
Can we appreciate how good of a superpower BathTubLiving has?
SURPRISE ATTACK Goes hard
I actually loved this episode
I feel bad for surprise attack getting hit in one way or the other but he is still the best character in this series
This is the most successful knock off hero duo, and they acutely are useful and they lived
Two heros that were actually good
It is time for back shots is wild
I love BackShots !!
YOO THIS IS PEAK COMEDY I'M LIKE DYING RN
That jacket is perfect for that one sipder man suit i forgot what it was called
Surprise Attack needs a raise bro Every Single time he manages to kill/actually hit a villain every single time without fail and he always manages to find clever ways to disguise himself to surprise the villains every single time and also how is that dude even alive almost every single time he shows up right after surprise attacking someone he always somehow gets hurt like when the rhinos runs into him and cant forget the time when cringe lord shot him
can we be happy that the heroes are actually useful
I need more of this i swear
Back Shot is diabolical. EFFIN GENIUS!!! LMFAO!!!! Wonder how many times that got a "NO!!!" in the 90's.
Imma be real, the unknown superheroes actually did really good this time. Even Surprise Attack pulled up!
These are my favorite videos!
Sink near and bathtub living are actually kinda broken in this universe
Bathtub living and surprise attack could be a good combo, like imagine surprise attack resurrected in the bathtub instead of bathtubliving and bathtubliving actually resurrected in the far away bathtub
Skunkbear has the superpower that works lol I can see the cop saying finally hahah one that worked right hahahaa
Blue the creatur's imagination was unlimited he can make every thing become a hero
The prophecy foretold the return of surprise attack, the great defender
I like surprise atak w surprise atack
Wait.. is the cops super power to summon weird unkown villians when threatened?
nobody can defeat surprise attack except for a hoard of animals
Nro surpise attack is getting killed so many times
Can’t believe they did a teamup
This time i didn't expect Suprise attack
The guitsr riff for surprise attack is the best, i dont remember what its from tho ngl
Make a hero that heals a randon person
this dude is so funny i love his videos
"haha yes im suprise atta- *Gets ambushed" Got me rolling on the Air
no way I have have the same black mug
No your getting pissed on is wild
Suprise attack's the G.O.A.T superhero
Surprise Attack is lowkey a great superhero.
Surprise Attack is the Schrodinger hero. You're expecting him to attack and not expecting him to appear at the same time.
At least this time surprise attack took jester with him
This is the first time heroes actually win
Do or die reminds me of die of death
bedroom villains vs bathroom heroes
“Now ur getting pissed on”
they didnt even arrive and the citys infastructure was already breaking down
Surprise Attack the goat
Surprisingly, the heroes were effective in taking out their villains. And they have actual useful powers!
I like to think that the police officer was having lunch with surprise attack and just got back from the restroom
Surprise attack is stranger than the whole marvel dc and invincible universe
"It's time for backshots" sent me reeling. HOLY RANDOM That was so funny wtf
Producer: “How many plot twists would u like?” Mobo:”YES”
Bro Bathtub Living might be OP
The funny part is the unseriousness
the super hero names sound like gamertags
Suprise attack could lit solo them all if he wasn't needed by all his allies
Bathtubliving is surprisingly op there are like 1 billion bathtub in the world so unless the world ends then he will keep respawn
Goodbye Tweek, Yep, not allowed in heaven.
Surprise attack just had bad luck
This was great this one
How is no one mentioning the “ no your getting pissed on” it had me dying
OK. I legit didn't expect surprise attack this time.
why is no one talking about how Suprise Attack himself got a taste of his ơn medicine?
Surprise attack is the best of them all
The first time i saw suprise attack actually suprise attack someone
Imagine coming back to life and the first thing you say is "that's what she said"
"im getting pissed of" "nah ur getting pissed on"
Nah.... Did he just say getting pissed on and backshots
"you can't say that without context!"
"that's what she said" pause
surprise attack could beat all of fiction.
we need surprise attack in avengers doomsday
I actually didn’t expect him for once
Surprise attack was the only hero to kill the villains
The cop is actually a hero that summons random shitty heros when in danger
The hero’s actually did something useful for once
imagine if surprise attack was a villain all this time, and that was his ultimate surprise attack?
I lost it right after he said "skunkbear and bathtubliving" and never recovered
I'm pretty sure the only reason surprise attack cames back is because it's a surprise that he came back.
Watching this the second time after a year and just now got the joke with DeadPool and BathtubLiving
This time surprise attack worked
Suprise attack gets surprise attacked
For once it was actually a surprise
Surprise attack has the most potential but he always gets targeted by other hero’s, If he was alone he would easily solo all of the villains
Bathtub living im crying
“Now I’m pissed” no now your getting pissed ON”
Surprise attack is good. The problem is, he is always getting surprise attacked
Surprise Attack too OP
Surprise attack is a paradox that you can't beat if you don't expect him to attack, he will surprise you if you DO expect him, he will still attack you which is a surprise
Ngl bathtubliving and skunkbear were actually good
Bro should be acting in Marvel
Villain: now I'm getting pissed off Skunkbear:no your getting pissed on
This time superhero,s are really good
Pissed on is crazy
Even Uploaded on My birthday
Surprise attack got surprised attacked
Suprise attack its the most powerful one yet
"surprise atta-" gets squished
fr they should make a movie about surprise attack's origin story.
Surprise attack has highest plot armor and lowest plot armor bro
Surprise attack every ep:Guess who’s back back again guess who’s back tell a friend
Finally, Heroes manages to stop the Villians for the first time, with Surprise attack, actually surprising attacking the jester.
They are actually the best 3 heroes of this series i think
The imortal surprise attack
Surprise attack is my fav
''skunkbear and bathtubliving"GOES VIRAL
ive definitely been surprised
love how Skunkbear said Blub instead of Bub
Man this shi is funny
do-or-die squad unironically being a better name than s*icide-squad
My favourite hero of all time suprise attack
"but there will be bathtubs i will always respawn" "Ahh moment"
Ngl surprise attack might be an ok superhero tbh
Wow, the heroes actually had good powers who would have thought
Suprise Attack is both the strongest of Mobo's Heroes and a World Class Spy
I my god i dont if i should laugh or angry with all this puns they are all good and bad in the same time
I swear that if every hero except for suprise attack died he would just kill everyone in a single episode
At least these unknown superheros are pretty strong
It would be funny if Skunkbear’s attack did nothing since there’s no wild animals in a city and it’s just an awkward silence
BRUH HOWW i watched wolverine and dead pool movie earlier and here it is
finally my goat got a kill surprise attack for life
Lmao doodie was right there
Surprise attack is boundless according to the r/powerscaling subreddit
actually pretty good heroes this time
First time it went so well
Dudes is a hard superhero team name
What is the surprise attack theme
I KNEW IT
"Now you're getting pissed ON"
"Suprise attack , hmmp that's right it's me Suprise attack " *proceeds to get surprise attacked *
More like the surprise got a surprised
Surprised attack never dies
Surprise attack finnaly got one
how come surprise attack always get killed
The most unhinged IAmMoBo viseo
you can see surprise attack already has his costume inside hum
bro this whole thing got me rolling on the floor
Yo bathtubliving and skunkbear are actually carrying
In the end the surprise attack got a surprise attack
Surprise attack always gets surprise attacked wheather it’s by friendly fire or running animals
Wait does that mean there are two heroes with claws? (a.k.a Hugh Jacked man and Skunkbear)
bathtub living is like surprise attack he's immortal too
Bro missed the fact that he can called the Deadpool fake as "LivingTub".
imagine one of the villians almost got hit by a car then suprise attacke saved him then suprised attack him after saying your welcome
Surprise attack always getting suprise attack
ngl having a power where your immortal aslong there's 1 specific object that's everywhere around the world seems cool.
Let's go it's the GOAT.
I actually expected suprise attack as the random guy cause this guy doesnt show random people only heroes
Love surprise attack
Bootleg Deadpool, bootleg wolverine and surprise attack
It's like King's ability from One Punch Man. Just like the King in chess, all possible friendly pieces will always move to save and protect him, warping fate itself to guide them to him. In the event there's no friendly pieces, and there's no enemy king tier piece nearby, he will surrender them as well by aura alone.
That’s what she said is crazy
He surprised attack someone and then he got surprised attack
wow some superheros with some good skills xD the scunk power is pretty cool. and bathtub man or what ever is OP xD
suprise attack! the best one so far
Villain:-She went down too fast Bathtub:- thats what she said
Bro why r those 2 heros powers actually kinda useful
Bro, surprise attack is a better hero than most on the big screen no lie
Bathtubliving and skunkbear
Surprise attack is honestly the best super hero
Surprise attack is my favourite
ugh now I’m getting pissed off no now your getting pissed on Got me rolling on the floor
Well, that's pretty successful fight
"Surpise a doom"
He ALWAYS come back
I hear words, even though they are unheard.
He should’ve call the off brand Wolverine r Kelly, it would’ve worked too
Surprise attack is the strongest in the hero team and he could surprise anyone with one shot kill
Surprise attack is literally the best hero
I am convinced that he is Suprise Attacked
So probably the first hero’s who aren’t useless
Well there always bathtubs he doesn’t die lmao best super power every
Surprise attack is the most powerful being in the universe. No villain has and will never took him down. He has defeated 3 villains so far. And will defeat more
Surprise attack the worlds best spy, and the worlds best injury attraction
Ahh, yes the Immortal Trio that uses bladed weapons
Best channel to comedy. you are the best mobo
Suprise attack is the coolest
Surprise Attack is my favorite
When Surprise attack return but in the end got flop
imagine that u acciedentally make the most well written smart interesting hilarious generous superhero that ever existed and had the most creative and op and the best ability anyone in fiction ever had
Suprise attack the hat guy version : the sequal
BRO IN THE END!
Can you imagine if Avengers Doomsday comes out and Dr Doom is monologuing over a defeated Avengers and Surprise Attack just shows up and takes him out and the screen cuts to black.
No, now you are getting pissed on
Actually I just realised that surprise attack guy unexpectedly attacks and unexpectedly dies
This is better than normal super hero’s!
"It's Him!" My dumb brain thought of powerpuff girls
Not even avengers would beatsuprise attack
Welcome back to the server of weird superpowers
I thought he'd call Do Or Die Squad Doodies
Omg. Surprise attack is the best hero there! Hahahha
Surprise attack is the most op character in fiction
If they still wrote parody movies you should be the one writing the bits
I love surprise attack.
BACK SHOTS ME NEXT??????
“The return of the king”
The fact surprise attack was there means he predicted this.
do or die squad is technically doodies...
Suprise attack is like kenny
SA or Surprise attack is my favourite hero in this series
now ur getting pissed on is wild
Surprise Attack is my Favorite Superhero
at least no hero died except surprise attack
Famous last words "Yes its me surprise atta-"
The one episode where they actually cook
"you cant say it without context"
suprise attack is just an assassins creed protag but incompetent
Bathtubliving is the second strongest character besides surprise attack
Plot twist: The police officer has the super power too summon other superheroes. But it’s always the off brand version
Most successful hero surprise attack
Surprise attack is the best hero so far. He needs to be made real
The 2nd time Wolverine appears it’s no more Huge Jacked Man
Not going to lie these superpowers for the heroes this time are actually pretty okay considering the others
Nah surprise attack be my favorite
A hero with no major drawback on their power? Finally
Surprise attack is dead he just comes back to surprise attack his enemies
How is this better than the actual superhero productions?
Finally some strong heroes
Wow…. I think that’s the first time the heroes have actually been successful.
It’s time for backshoots
surprise attack,always comes back,there's no way to defeat him
don't like your own comment >:(
I feel like bathtubliving might be able to challenge surprise attack they can both infinitely respawn, unless bathtubliving is always on guard and surprise attack destroys every bathtub in the world
This the funniest channel i've ever came across
This time they were actually successful!
overall, surprise attack, bathtub living, skunkbear as well as the cop are the most successful in the verse. the three heroes are the most successful without dying off in just one short, as well as skunkbear.
I love this guy
those are actually kinda good, somehow
Finally peak returns
suprise attack is actually the most op hero
Surprise attack is the best one
Surprise attack is my favourite hero
Silly boy We like it! Great costumes and story. Dance magic dance!
The got character development
Wait he defeated the villains without having to wait five episodes? That's surprising...wait...
Surprised attack one of the best superhero ever can even beat the avengers frfr
The first useful hero SKUNK BEAR!!
Surprise attack is the only helpful hero
I need to know surprise attack theme
BathTubLiving really went Berdly mode: “Gamers don’t die, they respawn.” But we all know what happened to Berdly in snowgrave…
Now your getting pissed on had mentioned dying
I like the Backshot guy
“Now I’m getting pissed off…” “No, Now you’re getting pissed on!” I did not expect that….
"Now im getting pissed off" "No, now you're getting pissed on!" I heard this while i was drinking water and just choaked immediatelly
Surprise attacked LOL
Im getting pissed off no your getting pissed on
suprise attack is invincible
a normal day in Brockton Bay.
Getting pissed off < pissed on
Love how Suprise Attack is immortal, there is no possible way he can’t respawn
Surprise attack got surprise attack
Lesson learned: Don't drink while watching these videos
Surprise attack never dies Hes in the first seson but keeps dying
i love surprise attack
now your getting pissed on" - thats what he said
Surprise attack solos every thing
Back shoot hmm you went down fast, that's what she said
Surprise Attack is the best hero we have ever had!
For the first time the heroes won
ayyyy ma boi suprize attack
"Your city now belongs to us." "Oh, so you are finally going to repair the roads and clean the streets that the old mayor neglected?"
The heroes actually succeeded
You are very clever with superpowers. They are unique.
Actually useful hero's that isn't surprise attack
I feel like suprise attack is the only superhero that can kill anyone lol
But wait, humans are animals. Why didn’t they all start fighting?
Surprize attack is the goat
"You should really look up what your name means backshot!
Surprise attack is a goat
Tbh bathtubliving ability is one the best ability in the world ngl you dont have to suffer immortality forever
"no you are getting pissed on"
At least it was a succesful save
"We are the D.O.o.DS!"
these powers COULD actually be usefull in a fight lmao
Jesus christ this one is the best
Crazy theory surprise attacks power changes reality and makes him immortal for him always to have surprise attacks
Surprise attack is my favorite hero
Actually bathubliving is littelary dead pool with just a plotwist of he'll respawn only in bathtub meaning he can't control where he want to respawn basically it's a weaker Deadpool but it's easier to sneak from enemies when they don't know where you respawn
rip suprise attack from all the super hero just suprise attack the best hero
dude this is hilarious.
People say that surprise attack coming back is not a surprise, but that would be a surprise! If it isn’t a surprise he will come back and you expect it, therefore he would not appear, then it will technically be a surprise that he comes back because you expected it and thought he wouldn’t come, but he did, making it a surprise!
surprise attack is the only one who is really powerfull but other heroes alwayys kill him.
The heros actually have op powers
Suprise sttack is unkillable brcuasse wehen you kill him, you stop expecting to be attackeds, hensforeth mssking him one of the immortal pillars of pop culture power scaling.
a video that the heroes actually do something
Suprise attack op cuz if they worry they lose their right now battle and if they forget they get hit!
We need a Surprise Attack comic book
Surprise attack has aura
bathtubLiving is actually op
Wow, some actualy useful supeerheroes... Nice
for once the heroes actually manage to defeat the villains
SURPRISE ATTACK DID IT!
Is this the first time surprise attack has went undercover?
Well if you are taking control of the city,we have a uhhh few lists of things for you to do,hand the villain leader everyone who lives in this city,there taxes,pay are taxes then you can be in control.few minutes later the villain group is bankrupt,.
"Get pissed on"
Bro said that's what she said
Ha SURPRISED ATTA-
Surprise attack is the only hero who killed 3 villains
Surprise attack the goat
I love sprize a take
make a dedicated series for the past of surprise attack
At this point, I'd be more surprised if Surprise attack didn't get surprise attacked after surprise attacking someone. Say that 10 times fast. eek.
Whoever likes surprise attack
Does serious at this point surprise attack is not even an unknown Hero at this point
Im surprised the cop isnt a hero with his plot armour
Deadpool: UUUUUHHHH I HAVE AN ALTERNATIVE ME!!!! YAY. I wonder if Bathtubliving like some chimichangas with me
5:20 wokwokwok dmg teo kecil tapi mati ama teonya
Finally they actually won
Surprise attack is the most powerful hero bro
BathtubLiving's power kinda busted tho like he literally cannot die, aintnoway you ever finding every single bathtub
"Thats what she said"
OK but Skunkbear and BathtubLiving actually have good powers wtf
I was saying like: "finally heroes that actually do somet- Surprise Attack! OOOOOH MY GOD"
Captain obvious had insane potential like he could say "when i shoot you you will die" to fucking goku and GOKU WOULD DIE
Surprise attack is best hero
Surprise attack isn't even an "unkown superhero" anymore
“Now I’m pissed off.” “No, now you’re getting pissed on.” this made me spit out the water in my mouth
the one time the hero’s win
It actually ended in just 1 video!
Do.o.d.s is crazy
Bathtub Living AHAHAHAHA!
I CALLED IT NO WAY I KNEW IT WAS SUPRISE ATTACK
Surprise attack 180iq
Of course the ending No could ever see in coming
Surprise attackED is more like it
"that's what she says”
I want marvel to make a movie about Surprise Attack
Omg,The heroes doing thier work without faliure!?
SUPPREISE ATTACK IS THE BEST HE CANT DIE
You sir might have made a horribly OP Jojo stand
I Surprise attack
Wait these characters are all actually good this time
uno reverse manrhino the hidden villain
Surprised attack alway being surprised attacked...
It's shocking the heroes didn't turn out all bad
What is the surprise attack guy sound effect?
"that what she said"
Just give bro a chance
Surprise attack is the most broken superhero
Why is it that i never expect surprise attack
This is man is a geniusm
Ok not gonna lie scunkbear and surprise attack actually works no cap
Blub nice reference
random ahh stuff happening in the world *surprise attack being there the whole time*
suprise attack is back
Suprise attack is the most powerful and the most stupid dies in there
bro just won't die
I need this in longform
It time for backshit
Surprise Attack is the most OP hero
Why are these two actually useful
Surprise attack scaled Surprise attack has shown to be practically immortal coming back every time no matter the cost He is also fast and is pretty strong since he has taken out many villains He is a master of disguise
Can someone tell me what surprise attack’s song is pls
Bro i really like surpise attack it's the best
they finally did somthing
I can’t stop laughing
ngl this is actually kinda cool
Now I’m getting pissed off no now you’re getting pissed on
2010: Deadpool 2020: Unalivepool
what is the song that plays when suprise attack comes in
Surprise attack should be official hero name like for DC.
For once the heroes actually defeated the enemies。
Huh first time heroes won in the first episode. And with no casualties
3 brother 1 turn to robot 2 turn to dog 3 still human 4 wife turn to dog That guy is so messed up 100%
Thought dead pool was named alivepool
Never see it coming
skunkbear and bathtub living
Skunkbear does not resemble a skunk
Bro surprise attack is the beat hero everytime he appears there's music or a sound effect that i want to know the name
STOP IM DYING
Now I’m getting pissed off no now you’re going to be pissed on
At least it wasnt kill puddle
99 nights in the forest
Thats a good one
KRAVEN THE HUNTER ENDING
Ohhh bathtub-living, not pool-dead . I see what you did
That’s right it’s me surprise atta…
HE FINALLY DID IT :D
Blub: i now iam pissed off Shunkbear: no you're getting pissed on Bro wtf is this!?
Yall… hear me out… the COP is the real unknown hero! He has the power of offbrand plot armor! Think!!! Every time he’s in danger he gets saved… by offbrand hero’s!!! And since nobody’s brought it up, it’s… UNKNOWN!!! The cop MADE the amazing surprise attack by his own offbrand power!!! Also he- “SURPRISE ATTACK!!!”
Why did bro get run over by animals at the end..
Suprise atake is my fav
Why is suprise attack always the one getting cooked by the others heroes
I'm getting pissed off I'm getting pissed on
That theme song no longer belongs to wonder woman...
That's what she says
HE IS BACK
Jolyne theme nice
Top 3 strongest Superheroes: 1. Surprise Attack 2. Bathtub Living 3. Hor
"Now ypur going peed on"
Still waiting for more
Surprise Attack wasn't watching for wild animals. Tsk, tsk... always look both ways before you surprise attack, even with backshots.
We need more parts
now its time for back shots
0:26 it’s surprising that everyone got a bit disgusted when they heard the word “backshots” (sorry for the pun yall)
"That's what she said" got me flying to the Mexican border
Now your getting pissed on
ah yes animals will be there
Long time no see surprise attack
Bathtubs should be showertubs
DO.OD thats crazy
THEY WON THEY FINALLY WON
Wait what back shot
Don't worry he's immortal.
It's time for buckshot
NEW SUPERHERO THE COP POWER:SUMMONS HEROS OF THE UNKNOWN TO FIGHT AND BATTLE
do one with the invincible characters
That tea looks good. Can i have some?
Yay, surprise attack surprise attack yahoo but also is he good? Surprise attack probably will only need about 50 million stitches.
It's just so peak
what's the song when surprise attack reveals himself?
What’s that theme that plays for Surprise Attack?
No ur getting pissed on
Hmm, and now i wonder who's gonna win: a Surprise Attack or The Purple Shirted Eye Stabber...
suprise attack is the strongest one
No pissed on
Whos Suprise Attacks'parents? The spanish inquisition?
Well the superheroes this time is not that bad
Guys y'all forgot they got back shoot
Bath tub living
Surprise attack is the op hero
Now I'm getting pissed out no now your getting pissed on
Vro literally deafeat's mr impossible
Nah Killpuddle wuld be better
Back shots: it's time for back shots Me: what do you mean by that
Dead pool Bathtub living
What do you mean YOU PEOPLE?
wait what if you say... Id be suprised if i wernt surprised
Ha ha bathtub living
Bro why dose surprise attack never live
The rubble in the background is destroyed "Sport Life" gym center in Kyiv. The russian occupation army hit it on March 2022.
Holy hell they won
"Surprise attack" you already killed 4 villain could a another hero killed a villlain
Surprise attack Is the main character
Next part of this he should use this sentence “Mr incredible no Johnny bravo” and he can come up with the rest if he wants also sorry I couldn’t phrase this any better I’m just dumb
0:41 wow bathtub sale
Nah, effective team, though
the best hero is surprise attack
So far the beat heroes in this cu
Wasn’t there already a wolverine, Huge Jacked Man?
Bro that leather jacket on bathrubliving is drippy, what is it?
They r so funyn
Using the forward unto dawn song is awesome. If im wrong i dont care
The R olverine
Suprise attack got suprise attacked by hippos?
So fuckin random. Love it
Surprise attack is the best hero but his lock is 0
Part 17 when
Surprise attack is by far the most broken All his attacks are a guaranteed hit aswell as ,so far, instakills The only way to beat him is if his attack is intervened
I have a mug like yours
So they expect surprise attack to attack but then they know he can’t attack if they suspect him but because they know he can’t attack therefore he can attack because it would be a surprise like wtf is this character
No, we are The Boys (totallly not already a thing)
Surprise attack most powerful
Wait… did surprise attack just get surprised attacked?
I also have that cup
for once the heroes actually work
This time they werent so useless
I think Surprise Attack can actually counter Ywach's All Mighty
BEST MOVIE EVER BETTER THEN MARVELS
Where is surprise attack AYO CHILL HE WAS DISGUISED?!!!
One thing I ask myself is: What happend Huge Jacked Man?
So Huge Jacked Man is out of fasion now, huh?
skunkbear and bathtubliving are not that bad actually
Wait why do these heroes have actually good powers
No now your getting pissed on
It's time for back shots
Surprise attack Is the best hero
Ok but how does bathtub living know his powers work like that? Like how does he determine that it is bathtubs that revive him?
No innapropriate jokes
What will happen if dc or marvel made an actual hero called spurise attack and inspred by your cheanel
Surprise attack I'd thr best hero in this show
Is BathtubLiving also technically immortal like Surprise Attack?
They are villains just not super ones The difference is...
Where did those rhinos come from?
Why is deadpool surviving on bathtubs?
Wth is bathtub living
Bathub guy ia more OP than deadpool. He can respawn and doesn t have to feel the pain, je just dies and respawns and he can justa hide bathubs at key ponts in an operation or smth and get past defenses
Bible says swearing is wrong
How does he come up with this
Think before you speak everyone
Suprise attack carried the entire series yes or no?
Is this city Gotham or what? Why r there supervillains everywhere lmao
Actually these heroes have potential
Isn't it single person all time?
“Embodiment of Surprise” = Conceptual Existence If Surprise Attack is literally the embodiment of surprise, then killing him the normal way can’t work. Why? Because surprise itself doesn’t die. You can eliminate a body → surprise still exists You can predict one event → surprise happens elsewhere You can win once → the next moment becomes the surprise So when the lore says “even if you kill him, he returns and kills you”, that’s not regeneration — that’s conceptual inevitability. You didn’t defeat surprise. You just became the next victim of it. Time, Consciousness, and Matter — Why It Actually Makes Sense At first glance it sounds absurd… but internally? It’s consistent. 1. Time Surprise depends on timing. Appearing before something happens Acting between moments Rewriting “what you thought was next” If he can be surprise, then time can’t fully contain him. That explains killing a villain inside a flashback — he didn’t break time, he entered the moment where surprise still existed. That’s terrifying. 2. Consciousness Surprise only exists when a mind is involved. If he controls consciousness: He decides what you expect He decides what you notice He decides what you miss That means you don’t even have to see him for him to win. Your awareness is already compromised. 3. Matter Surprise changes outcomes. If matter obeys expected rules, surprise is the violation of those rules. So controlling matter isn’t brute force — it’s appearing where matter shouldn’t allow him to be. Killing a Villain in His Own Flashback This part is actually the biggest red flag of how broken he is. That implies: The villain’s past was never safe Memory itself is a battlefield Narrative protection doesn’t exist around him Most characters are bound by: “That already happened” “That was before the story” Surprise Attack ignores that because surprise doesn’t care about chronology. That’s not power escalation — that’s narrative dominance. Why He Feels Unfair (But Works Anyway) He feels unfair because: He doesn’t play by cause-and-effect He doesn’t respect death He doesn’t respect timeline order But he works because his rule is simple: If you believe you’ve won, that belief creates the opening. That’s elegant. And horrifying. The Only Real Limitation He Could Have Not a weakness — a constraint. Surprise Attack cannot exist where: Nothing is expected Nothing is anticipated Nothing is observed Pure chaos? Total emptiness? Absolute certainty? Those places starve surprise. Which means the real tension with him isn’t “can he be beaten?” It’s “can he be denied relevance
Wolfurine is a better name tbh
Was this really the W combo team!?
“Now I’m getting pissed off.” “No, now you’re getting pissed on.” Greatest plot twist ever
Superheroes from temu
emmmmmm?? is nuke time!!!
I wish this wasnt a year ago, cause my PUBG USERNAME FROM A FEW YEARS AGO WAS, IM NOT JOKING... "DieorDie" what a coincidence
Do or die?, die of death
I hate this guy, keeps making me laugh uncontrollably.
Thy actually defeated the villains for once Not u suprise attack u always do u r best its just others who hold u back
So this is where it came from
If everyone knows surprise attack will attack then he can’t attack but then he can attack but then that means he can’t attack but then he can attack but then that means he can’t attack but then that means he can attacking So can he attack or not?
Why Deadpool and Wolwerine are stronger than they normally is?
But for me he is supervillian
Wait they actually succeeded
I miss ur videos I don’t know why but it won’t pop up anymore
What's the music that plays at 0:56?
And main character
What happened to Huge Jacked Man????
0.35 what music is this
Cop, walks in Never mind, I'm tired of this shit*Walks out* Villain HEY! Stop your existence!
PoV : the heroes get Roblox usernames
Wait... The heroes just won???
Surprise attack is literally a assassin
YEEEESSSS SUPRISE ATTACK
Surprise Attack is still my favorite hero
who is she
╔════༺❀༻༺❀༻════╗ TECHNOBLADE NEVER DIES ╚════༺❀༻༺❀༻════╝
skunkbear and Liverpool...woulda been better
Surprise attack vs gerson from deltarune who wins?
Surprise Attack solos DC and Marvel.
NOT SO FAST!!!
Ok im getting pissed if No your getting pissed on mDe me dieee
We love you
Same He desserve own movie
Supervillans in Movies:No One Can Defeat Us Even In Videos IamMobo:We Have......Surprise Attack Supervillans In Movies:YOUTUBE IS UNSTOPPABLE!!!!!!
"*Sips te- JUMPS IN PANIK*" "Citizens" "Your city now belongs to us" "Who are you people?" "We are the DoOrDie Squad" "Aka the D.O.O.D.S" "No st-" "Can you not?" "hey whats going on here-" "backs away akwardly" "Hey!" "That's the cop with the heroes!" "Get him!" "Not so fast blub!" "Well if it isn't Wolverine and Deadpool" "It isn't" "Im Skunkbear" "And this is BathtubLiving" "Its time for backshots" 'Cringes" "*Frustrated* You cant say that without conte-" "Backshot!*Backshots*" "*Ugh!*Falls cutely and comfortably" "He went down fast" "*Comes out of bathtub sale*That's what she said" "*Shooketh* How!" "As long as there are bathtubs in this world" "I will always respawn!" "Now its my turn!" *KARATE SWORD SLICE!!! "*Backs away scaredeth*" "*Talks stupidly*Now i'm getting pissed off" "No" "*Confidently*Now your getting pissed on" "*Disgusted*Ugh! what is this?!" "It's a pheromone" "That attracts animals to attack" "*Jester in back runs*" "*Shooketh and hit by Rhinos" "*Joker walks by detective*SUPRISE ATTACK!" *Hits bro in back with weapon" "*Scaredeth*What the-" "*Points* It's- It's him!" "*Taking off hat to reveal hairline*Thats right!" "Its me!" ""*SUPRISE MOTHARHINO*SUPRISE ATTA-" Jester and ITS HIM gets hit by Rhinos
No your getting pissed on
Potatoes on top
Imagine a anime like One punch man, but it's surprise attack.
Anime of year when if suprise attack will be
finily were usfull
Hey what's going on here
Why tf is Surprise Attack an actual good hero bruh.. His power is so broken too, Hypothetically he could kill Gojo the same way Toji stabbed the mf Gojo when he lowered infinity, When he lets his guard down BOOM there he is.. Mf a menace.. (Yes I know he'd probs lose to gojo, It's a joke, By technicality he might win but otherwise no.)
Better than marvel
are these characters copywrighted
bro whats the music at the end
BRO I WAS 849K LIKED AND ACCIDENTALLY UNLIKED
Nah that is the weird name super hero stupid
Hey bath tub sale
Not a good idea
Surprise attack must come to Marvel
Surprise attack overrated
Psst.. I have something to say… Jesus loves you. He wants to bless you. He wants to help you and heal you. It says in John 3:16 “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life" God sacrificed his only son, so that whoever believes in him WILL have eternal life. God cannot stand the idea of eternal life without you. He is offering his free gift of salvation, we just have to accept it.
Suprise attack theme
Finally a surprise attack that worked for a few seconds
Surprise attach is HIM
Now your get piss on got my dying --
